hey guys um ok so it's Hayley and I
decided to shave my hair today and I'm
going to take you through a typical
scene kid day because obviously I'm a
synced obviously first you have come on
your bracelets you know we getting it
moron but I'll jet later and you have to
tease your hair and I have a lot of
layers so obviously it's very teachable
so uh let's get this working here and
you got to have your big can of
hairspray because obviously that's the
only way it will stay up so uh take some
of your hair no calm down and what you
do here is get your hair and do this up
got the wrong side brush and you do this
and you're just trying to get it to go
up
sorry my hair looks really frizzy right
now no I need to become green guys sorry
my ribs are coming in you got get it put
your it keep it like that okay so this
side is done I get a markup on this side
by the way I did my makeup last night
looks kind of bad
oh and then you have to have a bow you
have a blow by layer well this is my
music in the background oh you always
have to have a little video k always
gotta have hello kitty everybody take a
hello kitty and then you have to have
glasses so uh yeah that's about it hope
you like my hair actually I kind of like
this all this is a joke so I hope
everybody takes this as a joke but I've
never done this to my hair only when I
want to be retarded but uh yeah and then
my pj's and then let's put it so I hope
you like my hair tutorial and if you
ever wear makeup tutorial I'm here even
though i do a really bad job of it
anyways so he's loving whores he's oh
look I even have my hipster glasses on
whoo oh yeah I love you all hello kitty